and as we head into the rest of the
weekend we've got a nice warm up headed
our way and after that a chance of rain
I'll have more on that weekend forecast
right after this yeah we love that into
the weekend so if you like today's
weather I think you're going to like
tomorrow even more because we've got
much of the same it's just only going to
get warmer so get ready for some 70s and
80s for your highs tomorrow we're
looking live outside our Mount Wilson
camera we do have some clouds rolling in
mainly along the coast of the low clouds
and fog could produce some low
visibility along the coast by tomorrow
morning won't take long for that to burn
off in fact today we had the low clouds
and fog what we still made it to 73
degrees downtown so that is above normal
downtown could be close to 80 degrees
for the high tomorrow so it's going to
be very nice out there temperatures
tonight not as cold as it's been it's
still cool I know but at least we're not
down into the 30s like we have been
we're down into the 50s and 60s and the
winds are much lighter for now but those
west winds will be picking up to around
15 miles an hour by tomorrow afternoon
satellite picture showing some clouds
moving through the area we've got a
ridge of high pressure but it's called a
dirty ridge of high pressure usually we
have high pressure in place we've got
nice clear skies but this Ridge is
bringing in a few clouds into our area
so that's why we won't see perfectly
clear skies by tomorrow afternoon but
we'll still see plenty of sunshine like
we did today and that will help warm up
our temperatures this Ridge will slowly
start to break down by about sunday it's
going to start to flatten out and what
will happen is this next area of low
pressure will move in it will be
dissipating by the time it reaches us
but we will still see some clouds and
some cooler temperatures and a slight
chance of some showers by your Monday
morning in the meantime surf report for
tomorrow looking good northwest winds 10
to 15 knots surf one to three feet and
swells out of the south and west one to
two feet so your highs tomorrow will
make it to the low 80s from the LA basin
to the valleys beaches will stay into
the low 70s just because of the cooler
breeze that will be moving in along with
the clouds in the fog in the morning
sunday should be beautiful but we'll
start to feel some cooler temperatures
saturday but still very pleasant we're
still into the 70s in most areas we will
have the crowds at night and then a
chance of showers by Monday morning and
then Tuesday Wednesday back to sunny
skies and 70s by Wednesday Paul pat back
to you